some problems that you know I wouldn't try to resolve but would rather
trying to get help to the profession you know get that person help
from a professional or use the resources would be definitely anything
that has to do with like marital problems you know I can give my advice
and what I've done to keep my relationship going for the last
eighteen nineteen years being married with two kids but after that I'm
gonna have that individual go and get the actual proper counselling
they need whether that's from the chaplain fleet and family because
you know I'm not a marriage counselor I can just only give you like
my opinion on certain things to maybe help but that's that's as far
as I can go on get the right person to help that individual out of
also anything that has to just do with say suicidal risk you know
I have been trained to recognize certain flags and tendencies and and
do it I can't my level but after that I'm gonna get that individual
to the right either medical person or chap plan or support personnel
that can really provide that individual with the help that they need
because even though I'm trained to a certain level I'm at no no
needs are at I'm no way an expert in dealing with that and so god for
bid I'm responsible for somebody hurting themselves because I didn't
get them the help that they needed so those are kind of two examples
I can think of that you're able to provide some level of help at
your level but you need to then get those individuals to the right
people who are experts in that field